[Autogenerated] considering how to deal with errors and unexpected
situations is essential for any piece of software in this module.
We looked at different ways.
You can deal with errors in the spring integration application.
We've looked at how you can configure an error handler on the MQ API
inbound channel it after to prevent it from Rick Ewing,
a message which causes an error and how we can configure evident
que to move such a message to with that letter.
Q.
We've also discussed how you can handle errors when the
message handlers in your application are not running on
the same threat is is center.
In that case,
error messages are sent to an error channel from where
you can handle them appropriately.
Besides error handling,
you've also learned to be aware off how spring integration uses
threats and what consequences these has for propagating
exceptions and also for transactions.
And now we are at the end of the spring integration getting started course,
even though this is just getting started course in the
spring integration learning path, you've learned a lot.
We started with the basic concepts off a synchronous messaging.
You've learned about enterprise integration patterns,
a set of design patterns specifically about integrating
software systems using messaging.
The enterprise integration patterns were originally described
in the book by Gregor Hope and Bobby Wolf.
Throughout the course,
we even counted many different enterprise integration patterns,
from messages and message sandals to channel adapters,
polling consumers and event driven consumers,
routers, transformers, service, activators and more.
You have, of course,
also learned a lot about spring integration and how it makes
the enterprise integration patterns available for you to use
in your spring based applications.
We've built a nice demo application that you can experiment
with to learn exactly how it all works.
We started the demo with a few simple point to point
channels and the service activator,
and then extended it with channel adapters to work with rebel MQ.
You've learned about published subscribe messaging,
which we used to make the applications and the confirmation
email and notify the billing system when a registration was made
for the Globomantics Tech conference.
Finally, you've learned how to handle errors in different ways.
You now have a solid understanding,
offspring integration and enterprise integration patterns,
and you're ready to start using it in your own applications.
Of course, there's a lot more to learn about spring integration.
There are many more enterprise integration patterns that we
haven't discussed in this course and spring integration as many
more features that we couldn't cover Here.
You're welcome to continue your journey to learn spring integration with the
next courses in the spring integration learning path that will be available soon
on Pluralsight or will already be available to you,
depending on when you're watching this.
I hope you found this course interesting and useful, and I wish you success with using spring integration in your own work.